# Monday, May 23, 2022
 10:00 am: on my way to work, stopped by Fernwood Resort and dropped off a dozen purple roses to my best friend, Cara. <br>
 11:00-7:00 am: worked at Nepenthe. Leaving, I walked down to the parking lot with a co-worker/friend, doing a cartwheel before getting into a 1999 Porsche Boxter convertible (5 speed, manual). 20 minutes later (3 miles from home), as I rounded a corner on the iconic Pacific Coast Highway, 1/4 mile south of Bixby Bridge, I clipped a small curb on my passenger side, sending me sliding into the opposite lane and off the road, where I hit a big dirt hill before flipping up into the air. The car then bounced off it's roof (or lack thereof) before landing right-side up on the tires.<br>
Without losing consciousness, though unaware of the severity of the situation, I turned the radio off, took the keys out of the ignition, and opened the door. Thinking I must've just banged my legs, I swiftly lifted them, one after the other, out of the car, grabbed ahold of the door frame, and pulled myself up. My left ear was touching my clavicle as my head rocked back and forth on my shoulder. <br>
Just then, two guys came running up- they looked panicked. "Go get David" I said, calmly. "Where is he?" he replied, without hesitation. I proceeded to give him directions to my house (no cell phone service here). "Go North 2 miles. On the right hand side you'll see a road called Palo Colorado. There's a sign that says ROAD CLOSED. The road's NOT closed. Go up that road 1 mile. On the left hand side, you'll see a mailbox with a big rainbow hula-hoop. Get David." And he was gone.<br>
 In hindsight, I should've said "Go get David AND call 911." But I didn't.
 Within 15 minutes, David and a friend were there with me, David holding my head through the passenger window, and Robbie standing in front talking to me. "Who moved her?" David exclaimed when he saw my feet, which were still planted firmly on the ground outside the driver side door, right where I had set them.<br>
 Paramedics arrived nearly an hour later, after apparently being dispatched to the wrong location by whomever was able to call in the crash. They, too, seemed panicked, initially rushing over with the jaws of life (even though I was in no way trapped inside the car). David covered my face to shield the glass as he and Robbie pulled open the convertible top of the car, David then crawled into the passenger side of the car without ever releasing the support he was providing for my no-longer-attached head. The emergency stretcher was slid underneath me, I was carried to the ambulance, and driven 20 miles South where a helicopter was waiting to transport me to the trauma center Natividad Hospital in Salinas, Ca.<br>

# My Injury
I underwent six and a half hours of surgery to reattach my vertebrae. From C3 (just behind my tongue) to T3 (between my shoulder blades), they performed a Laminectomy, removing the spiney part of each vertebrae, to relieve pressure on my spinal cord. Four inches (nearly all) of my C6 vertebrae was removed in order to realign my spine, where they then fused it together (C3-T3) with two titanium rods and 28 screws. <br>
I woke up in the ICU to find David there, with tears in his eyes, holding my hand. The next thing I remember is a doctor asking me "Can you feel this? Can you feel this?" As I waited for him to touch me, he asked me again and again, "Can you feel this?" I don't think the doctors ever told me that I was paralyzed from the chest down. Perhaps they knew that I'd figure it out sooner or later on my own. <br>
I had also shattered all the bones on the left side of my face- my eye socket (causing one eye to point slightly inward and resulting in double vision in all facets at about 12 inches), my nose, my cheek bones and my jaw, though, aside from two small stitches on the very corner of my eye, there was virtually no blood. No cuts, no scrapes. No visible wound, though I was now supremely and profoundly disabled. A traumatic brain injury caused my to stutter heavily for a few months. I had to re-learn how to use my arms (though my fingers remain paralyzed as well). For months, I couldn't touch my mouth- my coordination had vanished. 

## My Salvation
Throughout this entire process, David never left my side. He quickly learned how to insert a catheter (done intermittently, every 4 hours). He fed me, he scratched me when I itched, (a nurse once told me "It's the itch that'll drive a person like you crazy." He was right). He dried my tears. But most of all, he kept me sane. He reassured me that everything was going to be ok. He promised me that he would take care of me. And he still does, to this day.   
